Add Beginners' Day page and link to navigation (#1163)
EuroPython/website: src/content/pages/beginners-day.mdx

---
title: Beginners' Day
url: /beginners-day
subtitle:

>   This year we're hosting a special day for Python beginners.

Reviewer: > for Python beginners

I'd consider removing `Python`, because someone can be experienced with programming, but have no prior experience with Python, and that person is not our main audience for these events

Author: I agree - I'll update this one.

---

## EuroPython Beginners' Day

> On Saturday 19th July, we'll be hosting a day to help introduce people to Python and its applications which will feature three tracks running in parallel. The events are designed to welcome newcomers to the Python ecosystem, including a series of talks and panels by junior developers and two workshops designed to introduce complete beginners to web development and data science.

Reviewer: > introduce people to Python

I'd consider using `programming` or similar here for the same reason as above. Also some discussions might be interesting not only for Python developers, but in general.

Author: Yep, also agree with this one. I'll change it.

> EuroPython Beginners' Day is open to everyone, from high school students or late career changers. Entry is free for EuroPython ticket holders, and €5 otherwise. Tickets for the Beginners' Day can be purchased here.

Reviewer: > for EuroPython ticket holders

we should mention here that it's for any ticket holders, since we have many different types

Author: Good idea. Done :)

Please sign up for the Beginners' Day and the specific track you're interested in using [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSddM9RqRYc9jglmF-6vORbnFQ-_ymONU2cugUgB9poqqzLp5w/viewform?usp=dialog). The number of places available for each track is as follows:
* **Beginners' Day panels and workshops**: X places
* **Django Girls**: X places
* **Humble Data**: 18 places

> ### Beginners' Day panels and workshops

Reviewer: personally, I'd consider putting the word `unconference` somewhere, because to me the content isn't really that structured and is more informal, rather than formal conference-like talks

Author: I think I'll change the whole name from "Beginners' Day panels and workshops" to "Beginners' Day Unconference" - it sounds much less stiff and more fun 😁

Reviewer: I agree! 😁

EuroPython Beginners' Day is open to everyone, from high school students to late career changers. Entry is free for EuroPython ticket holders (any ticket type), and €5 otherwise. Tickets for the Beginners' Day can be purchased through the [tickets page](https://ep2025.europython.eu/tickets/).

Please sign up for the Beginners' Day and the specific track you're interested in using [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSddM9RqRYc9jglmF-6vORbnFQ-_ymONU2cugUgB9poqqzLp5w/viewform?usp=dialog). The number of places available for each track is as follows:
* **Beginners' Day Unconference**: 40 places
* **Django Girls**: 40 places
* **Humble Data**: 18 places

**Applications close on May 11th, and successful applicants will be informed by May 18th.**

### Beginners' Day Unconference

The Beginners' Day Unconference is designed to help you start and grow your tech career. On the day, you'll be able to:
* Attend panel discussions where junior developers share their real-world experiences, hiring managers explain what they look for in candidates, and experienced developers discuss the journey from junior to senior roles;

> * Participate in interactive workshops focused on practical skills for succeeding in your first tech job;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Participate in an interactive workshop focused on practical skills for succeeding in your first tech job;
```
